# farmer-game
This game is inspired by Maxis's SimFarm (1993). However, it has the ambition of being more realistic both in agronomic and in a financial way. That means that I am trying to create a model for a crop that responds to the environment (soil, weather, diseases, fertilizers, pesticides, hydric stress, etc) and also a model for the economic system where you have to buy and sell in a very competitive market. For the first version, I will focus on coffee crops. I had to do this because, in the level of realism that I am trying to achieve for the crop models, two different cultivars have very different logic behaviors. However, I'm trying to structure it in such a way that it can be easily extensible for other crop models. 

It's the first time I´m using the Godot engine, and it's the first time I´m making a game from scratch at all. So I am pretty sure that it will have a lot of issues in logic and performance at first, which I will try to address while developing the game core.

Godot is a wonderful open-source game engine, written in C++ and in GodotScript, which allows you to create games using a GUI and codes in GodotScript (python-like) or C#. It is also possible to write code in C++ and integrate it with Godot. I don't know how to do it yet, but it is something that I surely will do to solve some performance and code cleanness issues: Instantiating many crops at the same time is currently taking to long; Godot Script has a week OOP structure, and I'm missing Interfaces and Abstract Classes very much, which I believe will be a problem when I try to add other cultivars beside coffee.

[Coffee Crop Model](docs/crop-model-coffe.md) (currently in portuguese).
